>> Steve Kinney: We can go ahead and
go to Window, or rather View and
do Toggle Developer Tools.
And we'll se that I've
got some dev tools here.
And I can do stuff like alert.
>> Steve Kinney: And I get an alert.
Or I can do like Require
the file system module.
>> Steve Kinney: And I can do like FS.
>> Steve Kinney: Oops,
I'll give it a call back.
Let's say console log.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, I can access
the current directory that I'm here,
as you can see my node modules,
my read me, my license.
I can access the file system
directly from the browser.
So if you didn't believe me before that
all the node APIs are available as well as
all the browser APIs, I have just proven
it to you, and we're ready to rock.